Okay now Here are the upgrades I want to do on the system. The system is perfectly working, all the samples, all the outputs are perfect But right now it's just manual. So I want to change the UI, the logics and backend to create a Automatic process. 

So here is what I want to work with Right now when the page loads I see I see OPA UBA first then I see OPA XM at the bottom Designed our first landing page to be to say Receipt generators because right now we now have two Types of receipts. Before it was just UBA but now we are making it two. So all you are going to do is write the Implementation improvements Prompts that will give to the coding agents that want to make all these upgrades. 

So you are the one to research Some of these things and give him more context and clarity of what he's going to do so right now Right now Right now, I will tell you that the function when the page loads is just showing UBA OPA on-site properly. So you have to put the receipt generator on the top then arrange the others properly Then it will be OPA receipts, OPA airtime receipts, UBA receipts but the individual page for the OPA and the UBA that are okay. The outputs are okay. 

The form is okay but when I click them when I click the OPA receipt, it just goes to the Goes to the OPA manual form normal, but because that was the normal behavior before but now I'm creating a automatic gateway that is the automatic receipt creation for both the OPA and the OPA and the UBA so here is what we are going to do for the For the that of the UBA which is the first. Once I click the button the UBA icon Now instead of just going to the manual form, I should see two options manual or automatic The manual when I click it should be the normal form currently which is working properly then when I click the automatic is the new form we are creating and this simplifies tool for the that of the OPA airtime So now when they click the OPA UBA there's no option saying manual or automatic. The manual is the former one working now The automatic is the one I'm about to explain which is the upgrade automatic upgrade system see now For the UBA I will brief you on it. 

On the UBA you can see that if before we need to write the user the person's the account name the account number the amount And the date stamp is like automatically that exact date now that time Same for the OPA for the OPA airtime. We have to select the network. We have to select the amount We have to select the full number. 

All these are normal for the manual method But now how to create the automatic method Without destroying the manual. The manual should just be intact as it was working before The automatic form now for the OPA No for the UBA first. The UBA now instead of me typing the names. 

I want you to go do deep research online And get Nigerian names Nigeria bank names if possible on the internet on social media search for actual Nigeria bank names For from states like Benin City, Edo State, Lagos Popular states So you can create a a JSON file or something that we use to be referencing them randomly That why I say 1000 is so that maybe when I generate up to 10 receipts You are doing it the 1000 that I said you should do so we are doing it from the top So the randomness of the name is not just too random We are just doing from 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 So, I don't know if you can have a system there's no database on the system. It's just a stance output I don't know if you can have a system that when we generate when we Say, okay. Let me continue first. 

Okay, you know that we are we need a we need names like a thousand names full bank Account names. So now accounts the bank the bank name. I just need 10 popular Nigeria banks. 

There are many Nigeria banks from the drop-down on the manual But not for the automatic we are just using top 10 popular banks and fintech So things like OPE, PAMPE UBA, Assets Bank, Feds Bank Polaris Guaranteed Trust Bank. You have to like look at the manual and Research from them and get the top 10 Popular Nigeria banks or institutions being used then after that And the important part with this is that for the For the Bank name now, you know that each of those bank those top 10 banks. They have patterns You have to research their patterns They have prefix patterns and number pattern all of them are 10 digit normally. 

So you have to like still generate Random multi. This one you don't even need to generate it in a JSON file you can just create a regex or random pattern creation for each bank, so Let me say we are creating And 10 receipts and They are UBA, they are Assets Bank, they are OPE side. You have to know like on creation of the GT bank the the account number is to create a random account number that match the the account number for a GT bank account the UBA to match the account number for the UBA account for each has to match So everything look accurate So they'll be random account number pattern for those 10 account and 10 banks So you are just to create a random account that match the re output of the account then Accounts format then for the Dice we have talked for the name the bank and the account number That is the theory important ones now the time now the time will be Immediately that is the time we are taking now will be taking as Seconds dice it will be spread With seconds that you can spread them to two seconds. 

So if I'm creating 50 If The time doesn't matter just make sure the time of all the receipts being generated is the exact time that the The receipt was generated that the receipt was generated Just just add the time format. So now you need to add the UBA form now just look like Amounts, you know amounts is not to generated the amount that the user writes we select the amount No, so that how many receipts are we creating? Maybe it would be a drop-down or something Or a level level input would not selects. Maybe we want 50 Receipts then the dates will be already the date time as normal like the manual method they will can change the dates But that's just those theory then when I press generate What happens that it will it will generate if this person should be faster because I know it's very Part is very complex because now out of that 50 are randomly picking Evilly from those 10 banks Picking random from the names You are going to pick random names pick random bank and make sure the bank Have random phone number and accounts numbers and make sure they are kind of a match without exact bank on each of the receipts I'll create the 50 then zip it then the output this should not to take too much time if possible give a progress But so the admin knows how long is waiting to get this output and I need the system to be very fast optimized so as the use admin is waiting then the Zip file is given to him to download and when he downloads it He sees the exact just like a demand download was like for single now. 

We've seen the zip file for each It's a zip file of each of the images of the receipts Just like they were diluted one one and put in the zip file those 50 perfect So that's what it does for the automatic for the Opie for the UB now Let's go to the Opie the open now similar to that of the UB The data we are collecting now is the data for the network we are just doing glow MTN and 80 and you can see that those three networks they have a they have other phone numbers look like so now we are just randomly creating when I Now the form will just be amount. I will select amount I want to send 500 Naira to how many so there will be a value how many? Randomly type rating. Let me see 500 receipts then there will be the time which is like normal the current time stamp or I can change the time then when I press generate it will still generate a run a Zip file there will be a progress bar so I can wait it will generate the 500 receipts for randomly for glow ethylene MTN and The phone number will match the format of glow ethylene MTN. 

I don't know if you can use a regis Expression to know that you have to research all this to know that for MTN glow and ethylene And get their number and just type the number Put the number the date stamp will still be that exact date that was there for all the receipts So you see that the that of the Opie ethylene is even simpler So let's start make sure that everything is perfect not destroying the former one and the device Why this update should be simple is because the Opie and UBA Manua output is already working is for you to just mimic that to create the automatic For each put the data created and zip it so that's all
